Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#396)
ChainSafe/lodestar_chain: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Getting Started
- Run `lerna bootstrap` or `yarn install` to install dependencies

> - To run spec tests, execute `git submodule update --init --recursive` to install the spec test submodule

Author: ```suggestion
- To run spec tests, you will need [git lfs](https://git-lfs.github.com/) installed, then execute `git submodule foreach git lfs pull` to download the spec tests submodule
```
